# 💎 Airdrops

**Overview**

Airdrops are a common concept in the word of blockchain. With airdrops, you can reward a specific customer segment with digital assets.

With Toki, you can use the platform of your choice to send an airdrop - email, Twitter, you name the CRM of your choice. This works because the Toki platform simply autogenerates a landing page for the airdrop claim with a gate based on whether someone is on the allowlist or not. This makes Toki Airdrops very flexible.

**Airdrops (Upload CSV) How to**

To set up an **Airdrop**, you can upload a CSV of the people you would like to send the airdrop to (net new loyalty users) or you can create an audience segment to airdrop to (prior loyalty users).

{% embed url="https://www.loom.com/share/a329a1684dfc4f168bb1bfd4bcca4061" %}

The main goal of uploading a CSV is providing a guess-check identifier for the people you are airdropping to. For example, if you are airdropping to people via Twitter, you are going to want to upload a list of Twitter handles via the CSV. If you are airdropping via email, you are going to want to upload a list of Email addresses via CSV. This function could work in any way you like- for order numbers, AIM screen names, you name it.

Once you have uploaded the CSV, a token claim page is autogenerated with a form submission lock on top of it.&#x20;

To send the airdrop, send this claims page link to those you want to airdrop. These users will need to submit the appropriate data field in order to claim their digital assets.

To send an airdrop to someone who has never engaged with your loyalty program before, simply follow the steps above.



**Sending to Current Loyalty Program Users**

However, if you are interested in sending an airdrop to a segment of your current loyalty program, you are going to want to go to [**Audience** ](../audience.md)**> Segments** > **Create a new Segment**. Once you have created the Segment, you will **Export that CSV**. You will then come back to Airdrops and create a new Airdrop and upload this CSV.&#x20;



**Customizing the Look and Feel**

The Airdrops Submission Module can be edited from within the **Theme Editor**. Read more about this in the [**Onsite Design section**](../onsite-design/airdrops-module.md).

And that's how it's done!&#x20;
